welcome to slash forward before we begin
i wanted to do a pre-video reminder that
my website
is now engorged with merch so check it
out this week we're gonna round out our
stable of horror westerns
starting with a more traditional
spiritual based tale
starring river phoenix the 1993 film
silent tongue
before we get into it just remember that
subscribing to the channel will clear up
your billiousness and rid you of the
black dog
let's get to it we open on the great
plains in 1873 where we swoop down upon
the corpse of albany row
old talbot rose dead wife we find him
lurking nearby
grief stricken and piling up bird
carcasses on her to keep the vultures
off
we then transition to his father
prescott dropping in on a traveling
vaudevillian show
we see the act as very jaw bone-centric
as
all the best ones are his sighting
causes some concern between the mccree
father-son duo
as they suspect his return to harbinger
of bad juju related to a prior business
deal but
they are contractually obligated to take
a break for an ad read from their snake
oil sponsors
so prescott takes that opportunity to
circle around back and take a look at
some old family photos while he waits
when eamon arrives they have a
disturbingly close conversation in which
prescott explains the daughter he bought
for his son
has died whilst bearing a child to
assuage his son's psychotic grief
he was wondering if mccree could perhaps
spare another
eamonn balks at the idea but prescott
persists pressing to figure out what it
would take for him to walk away with
mccree daughter today
reeves however is alarmed and disgusted
by this business so they put off talk of
selling flesh for another day
when we check back in with talbot we see
him watching over his wife's corpse
talking nonsense and trying to protect
her from the bad spirits but she jumps
up like nah i got this bro
and she confirms she would love nothing
more than to fly away in the bellies of
the buzzards and requires him to set her
free something he is too selfish to do
the next day finds the sideshows up and
about
practicing to improve in their
respective crafts whether it be
tapping or fingernail growing or
whatever veleda heads to the river where
prescott swoops in for an old-fashioned
daughter theft he escorts her away in
full view of the others as if to slam
his balls on the table in an open
challenge
meanwhile eamon has a dream about the
time he first met his wife and forced
her into marriage
reeves wakes him up to alert him of the
kidnapping and they planned to give
chase
at that point prescott has gotten far
enough away to feel it safe to remove
her sack and try to explain things to
her in the hopes she'll become
comfortable with the idea of compulsory
companionship
but it doesn't go as well as he had
hoped elsewhere talbot still mourns
if you could give me a sign uh like when
she explicitly told you what to do
that night albany returns and they work
through some of their relationship woes
that
really hinge around her hatred for him
she tries to convince him to go ahead
and kill himself
but he can't because he's still waiting
for some sort of a sign
that night velena circles back to find
prescott sleeping in a traditional
fashion but he was faking and they log
roll down the hill before he takes to
pleading with her to help him save his
son by acting as a stand-in for her dead
sister the promise of horses and gold
which would put her beyond the reach of
her terrible father
is what ultimately seals the deal that
night we see evens run out of tonic and
would prefer to head back
but he's unable to make it on his own
and reeves is only willing to travel in
one direction
so they carry on similarly prescott ends
up with some spiritual knives in his
back and veleta explains albany is
acting as a tool of vengeance on her
mother's behalf so he also insists
they continue on they arrive at camp in
the morning and despite not being a
certified
care professional prescott urges haran
to comfort talbot and solve all of his
problems via her natural womanly
instincts
while he starts out wild as a beast he
eventually calms and even accepts little
snake meat from his new camp buddy but
our friend sends in the eagles to
interrupt the respite and she confers
with her sister insisting she burned the
corpse after curing that crazy ass white
boy
on the other side of the valley we find
the elder mccree ranting about how
poorly his silent wife has treated him
and even after he went through the
trouble of making her his legitimate
wife so she wouldn't have to be
embarrassed about how he forced himself
on her
in his heightened state he is
overstimulated by the appearance of a
troop of dog soldiers
causing him to take drastic and hasty
measures resulting in him being stuck on
foot in the vast expanses of the planes
as reeves gallops off without him in the
night preska tries to interject himself
in the process
finding himself unable to leave things
for others to do he is visited by the
spirit and tries to convince her to
leave his son alone
but she thinks very little of him as he
is equally worthy of torment having been
the one to enslave her and all so she
frees the horses into camp dragging
prescott along so she can mock them all
at the same time for convenience
as she rolls through she snatches at the
body causing it to fall at prescott's
feet so he handles this business in his
own way
press slamming the corpse into the fire
then he moves in for a fatherly hug
cause you know there's been a lot of
healing going on here today now released
from her earthly prison the sisters
stare at each other from their preferred
positions related to the fire
as the sun rises we see the kickapoo
troops setting up for the day
including the gross pasty fingernail guy
and they make preparations for replacing
eamonn moving forward
the favor of the demon prairie
as he is elsewhere being led along a
path and losing his mind as he laments
the treatment of his wife
who as we come full circle watches his
forced march
and as the townsfolk roll in the show
goes on without him as
father and son make their way across the
plains
now for the end of video reminder that i
have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch
donations are in an uncensored review of
toby hooper's life force and the
merchandise is a combination of logo
apparel along with general horror themed
items a huge thank you to my donators
heretofore memorialized in the hall of
headshots
the silent tongue hits all the right
notes for me as far as a western goes
and i think it's a good example of
spiritual horror
on some lists of horror westerns i've
seen high plains drifter included simply
by virtue of the fact that eastwood
plays what is assumed to be a vengeful
spirit of some type but in this
case there's clearly no question at all
about the supernatural aspect
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching